I saw you, uh, throw your hat into the ring of fater. Yes.
He got COVID I guess I hope he,
I hope he overcomes it and comes out just as good, if not better.
Epic would that.
Did I understand correctly that that might be his last fight?
Yes, that's my understanding.
And it would be epic as hell and it would be epic as hell because <affirmative>
the, the person that I want to give my most to is a person that I respect,
especially at this, this long, uh, this long, this, this,
this long career of mine and getting at this, this, this in his years,
like two warriors. And, and,
and that's the thing about even this going in there with the aspect of being
with death and all that is the it, when that person is in there, there,
and my brother with me in this and that.
So when you give me your best, even if I, even if I win dominant fashion,
but if you show up a and you're as authentic and, and being here as I am, then,
then I love you. And I'm glad for you to be here and we're in this together.
And, and at this point, you know,
you loss or my loss or whatever is no less
deserving of veneration than the win. Like we're here in this.
And so to be in the ring with fielder and to venerate him in win or
defeat to be in there with, with someone, uh, like that is,
to me, it's so rare. So.
It's incredible how the ultimate violence is coupled with
like, love or respect. And it's like, it is weird how this is,
uh,
how the competition and is violent form is also
a, uh, veneration of human connection.
It's also the removal. I feel like it's the purest, honest, the purest ways,
purest, honest, most honest places, a prison can exist, uh,
that line and fight club.
You don't know really who you are until you've been in a fight. I mean,
believe that.
And, uh,
I've seen so many examples of people trying to portray themselves as one thing.
And then in the ring, you see who they really are,
or even when they're trying to persuade themselves as one thing,
and they're winning the crowd at times will see who they really
are and still hate them. <laugh> you know? Yeah. And it's like,
but I said all the good things. Yeah, bro, don't work that way.